yo what's up Trinity squad it's you boy
reveille and really quick sledgehammer
games just announced on Twitter less
than a day ago that the epic three new
weapons will not be released this week
but to Twitter states FYI we hope
everyone gets to try out the black ops 3
beta this week it had decided to hold
the release of AK 47 m 16 and the cel-3
until September first on Xbox you guys
might be curious of why well it's quite
easy to figure out the black ops 3 beta
is the biggest the greatest thing that
happened in Call of Duty sense black ops
2 and such a my games they know this so
the releasing of the three weapons
wouldn't be as popular due to the huge
shadow of black ops 3 beta it's a smart
move on their part I don't blame them
but squad stay tuned for more
information and September first is
almost here I cannot wait three brand
new weapons one week away well I'm your
boy already signing out with Trinity GX
push
you